Oluko - MVT Fitness ensures you never have to think twice about your next workout. We know life is busy, which is why we make fitness easy and accessible for everyone – regardless of your lifestyle, schedule, or fitness level. MVT Fitness takes the guesswork out of your form, how many reps to do, and how much weight you should use. Whether you train in your living room, garage, or a commercial gym, work out with MV`T wherever you want, whenever you want.
 
Spend less time scrolling and more time sweating with our easy-to-navigate course library. Our wide variety of courses are built to meet you where you’re at and offer many options for every fitness level, with whatever equipment you have available. MVT has a list of courses for you, whether you have access to a full gym or just need a bodyweight course to get yourself moving again.
 
If you’re looking for accountability, want to maximize your workouts, or simply need help with your form, our coaches will guide you on your fitness journey and provide answers to questions you might not even know you had – all on your own time. Record and submit a video anytime, anywhere and get a response within 24 hours. Review your videos and messages as many times as you need to. 

If you just need a new course or programming to mix up your current workout routine, we have a membership option for you, too. Our MVT Fitness Core membership level gives you full access to all the courses and MVT Challenges. Choose from a wide variety of courses with targeted objectives to zero in on your individual goals - from maintenance to building your strength, to hitting new PRs, and more!
 
Searching for a workout buddy to keep you accountable? The MVT Fitness community is waiting for you! Join a group of people working on getting better every day. Share your PRs or send a hi-five to keep one another challenged and motivated.
 
Intimidated by certain movements or need a modification due to an injury? We got you. You receive access to our full library of movements with any of our membership levels and there’s a modified version of every movement so you can tackle every workout with confidence. 

Everyone deserves to get a good sweat in, regardless of fitness history or ability.
 
MVT Fitness: Movement with motivation, made simple.

FEATURES:
   ●  Interactive, training-specific timers
   ●  Fresh courses delivered regularly. Courses created by real humans. Real workouts, real results.
   ●  Celebrate PRs and connect with a community of MVT Fitness users
   ●  Send hi-fives and voice memos to coaches or other members
   ●  Movement library, including modified movements
   ●  Enroll in unlimited courses based on your goals and lifestyle
   ●  Jump into a daily workout or work on a specific movement over time
   ●  Test your progress over time with MVT Challenges
   ●  Upgrade or change your membership at any time. No contracts or penalties.
 
TERMS OF SERVICE: http://mvtfitnessapp.com/terms
PRIVACY POLICY: http://mvtfitnessapp.com/privacy-policy